1. First bug( when debugging palette):
When i solve the minor compile bug, i find the program stuck, then using the gdb 
i find that before calculating the average color by dividing the counter, i didn't 
check whether it is zero.

2. Second bug( when debugging palette):
After that, i find that the color of the picture is a little bit green. i check the 
piazza and find that the red and blue should multipy by 2 to make them same amount as green.

3. third bug (when debugging palette):
After that, the left and the right side of the status bar is blinking and starts to 
show some weird characters, i solve this bug for about 8 hours! At last in my checkpoint 1 
file, i declares the buffer using unsigned char* buffer[number] and did not initialize 
them to be zero, and after i use the malloc and put 0 in it, the bug is fixed. (tough bug of the year)

ADDED comment, i find the nature bug is not the malloc issue, instead, the malloc is concealing the bug
The ture bug is, i wrongly declare the string to be 40, which should be 41 since the last char of "\0" counts as well

4. fourth bug (when debugging TUX):
When i finished ioctl and debug it with my input.c , i find that the button_status that records the button is wrong, 
and i find this is due to its property of active low

5. fifth bug ( when debugging TUX):
When i try to consider the filp logic, i firstly assume it is just simply flip in the end, which will give the wrong number. 
Then i carefully calculated from the beggining, it fixed

6. sixth bug (when debuggin TUX):
When debugging reset, the button is always be blank and not return to its origin value, then i find i init the TUX first, and then print the led 
value, however, the init set it to be zero. Therefore i exchange the order of them and fix it.

7. seventh bug (when debuging TUX):
LED has the same bug as BIOC flip logic, i wrongly shift the bits

8. eighth bug ( when debugging TUX):
I find that althought the button status that i store in my code is returning the correct value of button, the arg returned shows
the totally different value, then i find that when i am assign values to the pointer, i didn;t use the copy_to_user, which in return 
gives the wrong answer

9. ninth bug (when debugging TUX):
Finally i link the TUX into the gameloop, but the game stuck and starts to blinking, then i found the printk i used for debugging 
purpose should be commented otherwise it will cause error.